being newly caught the ape crouched in
the corner of his cage and very
understandably tried to bite anyone who
went to touch him and I decided that we
better leave him for a little while to
let him settle down in any case by now
we've got together such a large
collection of animals parents squirrels
and many other creatures that feeding
and cleaning them was more than a
full-time job but it wasn't long before
Charlie as we'd christened him began to
calm down slowly we managed to win his
confidence and soon every time I passed
his cage he stretched out his hand to
attract my attention in the hope that
he'd get some more food
when I put my hand in his cage on the
third day he no longer snarled and
scratched so with some condensed milk on
the handle of a spoon I decided to try
and lure him a little way out of his
cage to begin with he was a bit
irritated and not being given his food
directly
then I decided to trust him sufficiently
to put my finger right in his mouth
I couldn't let him have the tin in case
he might cut himself on the sharp edges
and then for the first time
four days afterward had him we
encouraged him to come right outside his
cage
to begin with I was a bit nervous
because we were travelling down river
and I wasn't sure what sort of chaos he
was going to create among all the
equipment and cages of animals that was
on the ship's deck
within a few days he was so tame that he
allowed me to put ointment on the bad
graze which he had on his wrist